Add example of canvas to png data loader (#1510)
observablehq/framework: examples/loader-canvas-to-png/README.md

[Framework examples →](../)

# Data loader to generate PNG from canvas

View live: <https://observablehq.observablehq.cloud/framework-example-loader-canvas-to-png/>

> This Observable Framework example demonstrates how to write a Node.js data loader that creates a canvas map using d3, and then returns the map as a PNG file to standard out. The data loader generates a map of the United States using [the official d3 example](https://observablehq.com/@d3/u-s-map-canvas). The data loader lives in [`src/data/us-map.png.js`](./src/data/us-map.png.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Observable Framework example demonstrates how to write a Node.js data loader that creates a map using [node-canvas](https://github.com/Automattic/node-canvas) and D3, then writes the map to standard out as a PNG. The data loader lives in [`src/data/us-map.png.js`](./src/data/us-map.png.js).
```
